# FCP-project
The values that are requested by user input are used to effect on of the data plots as an isolated scenario, based on real world data but using averages of values to present a controllable estimation of how certain values would affect the virus spread over a month’s period of time. 
The second part of the code takes values from UK towns to plot data that could be used to compare the outbreak in multiple different areas against a predicted result.
When the code is run the user will be asked to provide a value for the population density, a value for how the infection will spread (i.e., how many people would be infected by a single person in a single day) and be asked to give a value for the length of time that a person will remain infectious for before being considered recovered.

For the user inputted values the population density must be given between 1 nad 10000 and will teh code will only accept integer values, if a value is given outside of that range the input message will repeat and will once again ask for an iput for the population density, it will continue to repeat the request for a value until a value is given within the range.
For the user input for the infection spread the recommended value is between 1 and 10 as any higher will result in very little data with the graph peaking its values around the first couple days. The code again will only take integer values above 0 any values bellow 0 will produce a message saying "an infected individual cannot cure others of the virus".
The final user input is the amount of time that a person will remain infected before being considered recovered, on the graph this presents as the stagger along the day’s axis from when the infected cases begin to appear to when the recovered cases start to appear. the recommended value for recovery time is between 2 and 10 days as the graph only provides data for a 31-day period if the stagger is too great the recovery would not be shown on the graph.

The other part of the code takes real world values for population density from different towns and cities in the UK and produces a plot for the expected value for how much of the population of an area would be infected given its population density. this can then be used for as a comparison for how the virus actually spread in certain areas.
